SUPA Jumpstart Paper 1
========================
##_Alex Godin_

In 1967, North Webster, Indiana (pop. 1,146) had a problem. Even though
Indiana 13, a major highway, ran through the town, few people stopped
and the economy was failing. Local banker Homer Shoop decided to take
action. For some reason, he decided that the best way to remedy this was
to theme the town into a kitschey version of Camelot. The donut shop
became, Ye Old Double Dip and Dunk, the liquor store, King’s Keg Package
Liquor. They even held a yearly mermaid fair but, the crown jewel of the
"camelotification" was the International Palace of Sports. The Palace
was a sight to be seen. It had fountains, wax statues, oil
paintings, a banquet hall, and most importantly a gift shop. Every year
a "King of Sports" was crowned.

The inaugural king was O.J. Simpson. O.J. was paraded through the
streets on a float and commemorative coins were made in his honor...


I'm handed an object. It's a gold coin, roughly the size of a silver
dollar.  One side reads, "Knights and Ladies of the Year - International
Palace of Sports" and has a picture of some sort of castle, the other
reads, "1973 King of Sports" and has a picture of O.J. Simpson. My mind
begins turning. What is the International Palace of Sports? Was this
before or after his arrest? Why was this coin made?

Where do I turn?

15 years ago I would have had to settle for nothing. My questions would
go unanswered. I would observe the details of O.J.'s afro and the
glimmer of his eyes. I would turn the coin over in my hands and comment
on its rough edges. My lack of background knowledge would force me to
focus on the details, to find significance in the little things. I would
notice the seemingly insignificant details, draw conclusions and
formulate theses about them.

*insert quote from mr. abrams class about seemingly insignifigant details*

Today, I gloss over those things. Instead, I head straight to Google and
begin to search. This instinct is something new, something my
generation, the Google generation, is the first to experience. We have
been trained to expect a world where information are at our fingertips and
it has changed the way we perceive objects.

Google changed the way we analyze the world around us. Objects that were
once shrouded in a cloud of mystery have been made accessible to the
general public. No matter the topic, someone with a smartphone and an
internet connection knows enough to make intelligent inferences and draw
intelligent conclusions about it. We now have everything there is to
know about anything available at the touch of a button. Objects have a
new meaning. The coin is no longer a collection of small details.  It is
a story and a collection of facts.

The internet is raising a generation of people that don't draw
conclusions or analyze the world around them and instead resort to
Google for context and information. So, when I'm handed the coin I begin
to
